Some suggestions from reading through the docs (#2641)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/reference/separate-proxy.md

for getting started and even most use, but everytime you restart the
hub, all user connections also get restarted.  But it's also simple to
run the proxy as a service separate from the hub, so that you are free

> to reconfigure the hub while only interrupting users who are in the middle of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to reconfigure the hub while only interrupting users who are waiting for their notebook server to start.
```
